foreign
is you fall in the water definitely give
it a try it's fun so paddleboard yoga
fuses together the relaxation and core
strength benefits of paddle boarding
with the yoga postures and breathing
techniques in yoga Asana it's still a
stable ground but it's not as stable as
being in a yoga studio so it presents a
little more challenge a little more
technicalities to it some of the pose I
started with is actually just standing
up just to get comfortable that I'm not
going to fall off the board and then
just went into a forward fold
downward dog the child's pose you get to
feel the wind you feel the sun beating
down on you you get the nice rocking of
the water which is extremely relaxing
kind of like with like another like bow
or something sometimes and then like
gives you waves my kids go out on the
water it's really a family affair for us
out here we come to my mom and dad's my
sisters come down my children my husband
and I that was that was real hard that
was to just put the board in the water
and they jumped on it we're like um we
were supposed to go on that one if you
were brand new to yoga I would say
definitely come we don't even require
that you'd be able to swim we have life
jackets here won't fall off the board if
you're not comfortable staying you can
just simply stay on your knees and just
do some simple simple moves if you've
been practicing yoga for a long time
it's a great opportunity to take the
shapes that you make on this mat and
then bring them onto the paddle board
and see if you can sustain those shapes
when things aren't quite so stable some
poses you know throw you a little bit
off center and move the board slightly
and you have to compensate
paddle boarding at Lake numongola is an
amazing experience that we have such a
short window in the season to get into
so set a date get yourself together and
get up here and join us up on the water